chore: clarify the location of outbound OpenAPI doc [skip ci] (#341)
mojaloop/sdk-scheme-adapter: README.md

DFSP backends must implement the [DFSP Inbound API](docs/dfspInboundApi.yaml) in order for the scheme adapter to make incoming transfers i.e. to receive funds to a customer account.

> DFSP backends can call the [DFSP Outbound API](https://github.com/mojaloop/api-snippets/blob/v14.2.2/docs/sdk-scheme-adapter-outbound-v2_0_0-openapi3-snippets.yaml) (from api-snippets repo) in order to make outgoing transfers i.e. to send funds from a customer account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DFSP backends can call the [DFSP Outbound API](https://github.com/mojaloop/api-snippets/blob/master/docs/sdk-scheme-adapter-outbound-v2_0_0-openapi3-snippets.yaml) (from api-snippets repo) in order to make outgoing transfers i.e. to send funds from a customer account.
```
